README.MD, before:

Hello together, here I post my work on the advent of code. :D

### 1st Dec ###
It takes 143 complete iterations to get to a doubled value :)

### 2nd Dec ###
It took a while to understand, what the hash sum is supposed to be. You are not supposed to count every letter just once (maximizing the hash sum at 26^2 but instead only count every ID once for having two and once for having three letters occuring. D'oh.

### 3rd Dec ###
Solved it completly unoptimised. Hacked together a solution :/ It takes len(lines)^2 + len(lines) * id.x_length * id.y_lenght as it is not optimised. There is probably a solution using only a single loop, but i can't wrap my head around it using only lists, dicts, booleans, strings and integers. :(

### 4th Dec ###
Sad panda is sad. No solution today. I can't quite grasp the problem it seems.

### 5th Dec ###
Reading the assignment would help a lot in improving time to produce a solution. -.-

### 6th Dec ###
Took me forever to solve the first problem. Pretty sure I wasn't deciding whether a coordinate was infinite or not. Yet with the help of reddit, I got it working. And afterwards, getting Part II was like adding 7 lines of code and took like 2 minutes. I'm pretty happy about that :)

Commit message:

Hey ho, I got further than I expected.
It helps, having people on reddit solving the problem far quicker, so you have a correct solution to check against.
Not copying, just wanting to see what is the right solution and then getting there on my own :)

README.MD, after:

Hello together, here I post my work on the advent of code. :D

### 1st Dec ###
It takes 143 complete iterations to get to a doubled value :)

### 2nd Dec ###
It took a while to understand, what the hash sum is supposed to be. You are not supposed to count every letter just once (maximizing the hash sum at 26^2 but instead only count every ID once for having two and once for having three letters occuring. D'oh.

### 3rd Dec ###
Solved it completly unoptimised. Hacked together a solution :/ It takes len(lines)^2 + len(lines) * id.x_length * id.y_lenght as it is not optimised. There is probably a solution using only a single loop, but i can't wrap my head around it using only lists, dicts, booleans, strings and integers. :(

### 4th Dec ###
Sad panda is sad. No solution today. I can't quite grasp the problem it seems.

### 5th Dec ###
Reading the assignment would help a lot in improving time to produce a solution. -.-

### 6th Dec ###
Took me forever to solve the first problem. Pretty sure I wasn't deciding whether a coordinate was infinite or not. Yet with the help of reddit, I got it working. And afterwards, getting Part II was like adding 7 lines of code and took like 2 minutes. I'm pretty happy about that :)

### 7th Dec ###
Reading the assignment would be helpful again. I was not checking all available tasks alphabetically but just the available ones in this task tree at first. Figured the solution out afterwards pretty quickly and the part II was fairly easy afterwards :)
